I recently tried to build a S2S IPSec tunnel from another provider to a VM-series firewall I had deployed in an Azurwe VNET. I unforuntately was finding issues and getting errors telling me that I had peer ID and/or IP issues. 

Turns out this behavior arises from the fact that Azure, AWS, etc do NAT when attaching a public IP to the interface of yourr VM. So you have to take this into account as the other peer will see the traffic coming from the public IP, provided by the Cloud provider, however as far as the cloud-hosted PAN-OS peer is concerend, it is sending from a private IP address.

So in my example, I had this VM deployed on Azure, with the following IPs:

Private IP of the actual interface: 10.0.1.4
NAT'd IP received when egressing Azure: 1.2.3.4 (obvious placeholder)

You can read about some of the challenges of this situation here: https://blog.vyos.io/why-ipsec-behind-11-nat-is-so-problematic-and-what-you-can-do-about-it

In order to resolve this, when connecting from another PAN-OS Device, you would configure your IKE gateway profile with the following settings in my example:

Peer address type: IP
Peer address: 1.2.3.4
Peer Identification type: IP Address
Peer Id value: 10.0.1.4

Once I made this change, the tunnel came up.

Now, you will also find that you run into additional challenges when you're trying to connect to a cloud deployed PAN-OS device from a cloud construct, such as from an AWS Transit Gateway. 
As far as I could tell, the AWS Customer Gateway object doesn't have a peer address vs peer id distinction as there is in PAN-OS setups. 

There is some unclear documentation on the AWS Side:

From AWS Site to Site VPN documentation:
"If your customer gateway device is behind a firewall or other device using Network Address Translation
(NAT), it must have an identity (IDr) configured. For more information about IDr, see RFC 7296."

And during the creation of a customer gateway, if you check out the information bubble for the peer IP you see

"Specify the Internet-routable IP address for your gateway's external interface; the address must be static and may be behind a device performing network address translation (NAT)"

-to me it isn't clear if you can use a private IP behind a NAT device or not.
-below there are a couple of examples that seem to suggest one may have to to look at doing certificate based IPSec to get away from the IP address limitation:


https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/simulating-site-to-site-vpn-customer-gateways-strongswan/
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/vpn-certificate-based-site-to-site/

Recommended tests:

1. attempt to set up customer gateway to the private IP of the PAN-OS VM
2. if that fails, attempt to do certificate based VPN
3. If that fails or isn't possible for your org, you can either 
a. just drop a PAN-OS VM in a VPC on your end and attach the VPC to the Transit Gateway
or
b. Go with physical firewalls/Prisma Access / some other solution that doesn't have the NAT issue
